add: rand window support respect|ignore nulls (#966)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/sql-reference/20-sql-functions/08-window-functions/last-value.md

## Syntax

```sql
LAST_VALUE(expression) [ { IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS ] OVER ([PARTITION BY partition_expression] ORDER BY order_expression [window_frame])
```

For the syntax of window frame, see [Window Frame Syntax](index.md#window-frame-syntax).

## Usage notes

> When this option is used with LAST_VALUE, The function returns the last value in the frame that is not NULL (or NULL if all values are NULL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `{ IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS` is used with LAST_VALUE, the function returns the last value in the frame that is not NULL (or NULL if all values are NULL). If not specified, the default is RESPECT NULLS.

```

> If { IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS is not specified, the default is RESPECT NULLS.

Reviewer: Delete

3           | David      | Johnson   | 5500.00 | Michael
1           | John       | Doe       | 5000.00 | Michael
5           | Michael    | Brown     | 4500.00 | Michael
```

> ### Use IGNORE NULLS to find non-NULL values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Returning NON-NULLs with IGNORE NULLS

```
